- [Instructor] Hi and welcome back.
This is the second coding exercise.
Let's have a look at it
and at how we'd solve it.
The instructions are to
complete the method return_42,
which is down here,
by making it actually return the value 42.
And the second set of instructions
is to create a method, which
must be called my_method,
and it takes two arguments
and returns the results
of its two arguments multiplied together.
Okay, so let's start with return_42.
We've got the def keyword,
which is used to define a new method,
or a function in this case,
since it's not in a class.
We looked at that in a few videos.
And then we've got return_42.
That's the name of this function.
Open and close brackets,
which tells us that this is a function
and that it takes no arguments,
or else we'd have the arguments
inside those brackets.
And then a colon, which
tells us that what comes next
is the body of this function.
And what we've got here is the body.
And as you see it's got
some spaces in front
and that's very important,
because Python works by
looking at these spaces
and it realises that this
function here has a body
and the body has to have
some spaces in front of it.
And all the lines that are under the colon
and half-spaces are the
body of the function.
So we're gonna complete this method here,
this function here,
by making it return 42.
So all we have to do is return 42.
And now whenever we call this function,
we are going to receive the value 42 back.
And that's what this function does
and that's what it should do.
Next we're gonna create
another one called my_method
and that's gonna take two
arguments and return the results
of its two arguments multiplied together.
So once again, we're gonna
type the def keyword,
the name of the method, my_method.
Open and close brackets,
and inside these brackets
we're gonna have the arguments.
And we know that it takes two arguments
and returns the results of
them multiplied together.
So the two arguments
can be anything we want.
For example, arg1 and arg2.
And these are gonna be two arguments.
So we when we call this function here
we're gonna receive two values.
The values that we receive are
gonna go into arg1 and arg2.
Remember arg1 and arg2 are just names.
These are just variables
and they're gonna receive values
from whatever part of
our code executes this.
And all we have to do
is return the multiplication of those two,
so arg1 times arg 2.
Remember you don't have
to execute the method
in this exercise.
You only have to define it.
If you execute the method, it
may confuse the code checker.
So don't actually run these.
Only define them, which
is what we've done here.
So let's check the solution.
And as we can see, the
solution is correct.
We've got two functions here,
or two methods, return_42 and my_method.
And return_42 returns the value 42.
My_method returns two arguments,
arg1 and arg2, multiplied together.
So that's everything for this video.
I'll see you on the next one.